added release notes for 10.16.0.316 (#286)
SoftwareAG/c8y-releasenotes: content/release-10-16-0/applications-10-16-0-bundle/10-16-0-316.md

---
weight: 29
title: Release 10.16.0.316
layout: bundle
---

<!--10.16.0.303-10.16.0.316-->

### Fixes

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>Cockpit</td>
<td>Activating or deactivating child assets is now executed with a single request.</td>
<td>MTM-49732</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Cockpit</td>
<td>The asset selection in the datapoint selector is now filterable.</td>
<td>MTM-54463</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Web SDK</td>
<td>The return types of certain static functions of Angular modules have been adjusted. In certain cases this previously caused an error message like "Unable to evaluate this expression statically." This is now resolved.</td>
<td>MTM-54674</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Web SDK</td>
<td>The data points graph now displays alarms using either its <code>firstOccurrenceTime</code>, <code>time</code> or <code>creationTime</code> attribute instead of only using <code>creationTime</code>.

> <br>Alarms are now displayed with a minimum width of 1 pixel, to assure that alarms with a very short duration, for example, alarms created with a CLEARED status, are displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<br>Alarms are now displayed with a minimum width of one pixel, to assure that alarms with a very short duration, for example, alarms created with a CLEARED status, are displayed.

```

> <br>The alarm tooltip in the data points graph now displays the <code>lastUpdated</code> timestamp in the user´s timezone and format.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<br>The alarm tooltip in the data points graph now displays the <code>lastUpdated</code> timestamp in the user's timezone and format.</td>

```
